https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-17798 (#7601)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_openshift_deploy_argocd.adoc

[#gitops-openshift-deploy-argocd]
= Deploying the {gitops} instances (Technology Preview)  

With the GitOps add-on, you can manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of {ocp} and non-{ocp-short} managed clusters for the `ArgoCD` pull model. 

When you create the `gitops-addon ManagedClusterAddon` add-on in the cluster namespace on your hub cluster, the GitOps add-on deploys on the managed cluster that manages the installation, upgrade, and deletion of the {gitops-short} instance.

> 

Reviewer: I noticed there are two macro names used
- {gitops}  in line 2
- {gitops-short} in line 6

just make sure their real name should be "OpenShift GitOps"

Use the `ArgoCD` pull model to deploy the {gitops-short} instance with the GitOps add-on. Only the following three components are installed on the hub clusters: 

> 

Reviewer: Line 8 is not very clear to me, how about this 

Use the ArgoCD pull model to deploy the {gitops-short} instance with the GitOps add-on. Only the following three components are installed on the hub clusters: 
====>
The OpenShift GitOps instance deployed by the GitOps add-on are mainly used for ACM ArgoCD pull model, thus only the following three components are installed on the managed clusters:

[#gitops-openshift-deploy-argocd]
= Deploying the {gitops} instances (Technology Preview)  

> With the GitOps add-on, you can manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of {ocp} managed clusters for the `ArgoCD` pull model. 

Reviewer: you can manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of OCP and Non-OCP managed clusters such as EKS, AKS, GKE and IKS for the `ArgoCD` pull model

To upgrade an {gitops-short} instance and operator, complete the following steps: 

. Create an `AddOnDeploymentConfig` custom image by applying the following YAML sample: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: <string> <2>
    value: registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/gitops-rhel8-operator@sha256:73f13a5587bbfbea5a64bd3507120eb83b6be85088139c6d65a9aa9cd56e186a
  - name: <string> <3>
    value: registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/argocd-rhel8@sha256:706d5c99715eece77616135da2fbf90863b7aef17fd64ab03bf7dd20877490ec
  - name: <string> <4> 
    value: registry.redhat.io/rhel8/redis-6@sha256:a848cc4edb4405846c673187dd68ce66c328dd1ad42f193f5737288c7971399d
----

> <1> Any namespace that you want. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Add any namespace that you want. 
```

<2> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} operator. 
<3> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} instance. 
<4> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} Redis. 

> 

Reviewer: the names in the customizedVariables list are fixed. users can specify the value of each name 
```
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: GITOPS_OPERATOR_IMAGE
    value: <string> <2>
  - name: GITOPS_IMAGE
    value: <string> <3>
  - name: REDIS_IMAGE
    value: <string> <4> 
----
```
<1> Any namespace that you want. 

<2> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} operator.  e.g. registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/gitops-rhel8-operator@sha256:73f13a5587bbfbea5a64bd3507120eb83b6be85088139c6d65a9aa9cd56e186a

<3> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} instance. e.g. registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/argocd-rhel8@sha256:706d5c99715eece77616135da2fbf90863b7aef17fd64ab03bf7dd20877490ec

<4> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} Redis. e.g. registry.redhat.io/rhel8/redis-6@sha256:a848cc4edb4405846c673187dd68ce66c328dd1ad42f193f5737288c7971399d

. Connect the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` to the `gitops-addon ClusterManagementAddon` by specifying the `defaultConfig` name and namespace of the `addondeploymentconfigs` resource by applying the following YAML sample: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterManagementAddOn
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon
  annotations:
    addon.open-cluster-management.io/lifecycle: "gitops-addon"
spec:
  addOnMeta:
    description: gitops-addon
    displayName: gitops-addon
  supportedConfigs:
  - group: addon.open-cluster-management.io
    resource: addondeploymentconfigs
    defaultConfig:
      name: gitops-addon-config

>       namespace: ocm

Reviewer: Need to indicate the user that the defaultConfig.namespace here is the namespace specified in the above AddOnDeploymentConfig

[#delete-openshift-gitops-instance]
== Deleting an {gitops-short} instance and operator

All the dependent `ArgoCD` custom resource definitions (CRDs) remain even after the {gitops-short} operator is removed, ensuring that all existing `ArgoCD` applications are not removed with the operator deletion. 

You can reinstall the {gitops-short} operator into the same default namespace. Always install the {gitops-short} operator into the default namespace, `openshift-gitops-operator`. The {gitops-short} operator watches the `ArgoCD` resources in any namespace regardless of the operator installation namespace.  

To delete an {gitops-short} instance and operator, complete the following steps: 

. Delete the {gitops-short} instance by applying the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace:<namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: <string> <2>
    value: Delete-Instance
----
<1> Any namespace that you want. 
<2> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} instance linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`.  

> 

Reviewer: <2> is not needed
```
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace:<namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: ACTION
    value: Delete-Instance
```
<1> This is the namespace you specified when you created the default AddOnDeploymentConfig connected to the gitop-addon ClusterManagementAddOn

. Delete the {gitops-short} operator by applying the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: <string> <2> 
    value: Delete-Operator
----
<1> Any namespace that you want. 
<2> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} operator linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`. 

> 

Reviewer: <2> is not needed

```
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: ACTION
    value: Delete-Operator
```
<1> This is the namespace you specified when you created the default AddOnDeploymentConfig connected to the gitop-addon ClusterManagementAddOn

[#reconcile-argocd-applications]
== Reconciling _ArgoCD_ applications in any namespace

You can configure the {gitops-short} instance to reconcile the `ArgoCD` application in any namespace. 

To reconcile `ArgoCD` applications in any namespace, complete the following step: 

. In the linked default, `AddOnDeploymentConfig`, specify the customized variable, `RECONCILE_SCOPE` to `All-Namespaces` by applying the following YAML sample: 

> 

Reviewer: In the linked default, `AddOnDeploymentConfig`,
====>
In the linked default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`,

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1> 
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: RECONCILE_SCOPE <2>
    value: All-Namespaces <3> 
----
<1> Any namespace that you want.  
<2> The GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can only reconcile applications in the namespace where the GitOps `ArgoCD` instance is running. 
<3> The GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can reconcile applications in all namespaces. 

> 

Reviewer: ```
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1> 
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: RECONCILE_SCOPE
    value: All-Namespaces <2> 
```
<1> This is the namespace you specified when you created the default AddOnDeploymentConfig connected to the gitop-addon ClusterManagementAddOn
<2> There are two available options for the value
-  All-Namespaces, the GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can reconcile applications in all namespaces. 
- Single-Namespace,  the GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can only reconcile applications in the namespace where the GitOps `ArgoCD` instance is running.

[#install-openshift-gitops-instance]
== Installing an {gitops-short} instance in another namespace

By default, the {gitops-short} instance is installed in the `openshift-gitops` namespace. If you want to install the {gitops-short} instance in another namespace, complete the following steps: 

. Delete the {gitops-short} instance by applying the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1> 
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: <string> <2> 
    value: Delete-Instance
----
<1> Any namespace that you want. 
<1> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} instance linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`.  

> 

Reviewer: ```
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1> 
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: ACTION
    value: Delete-Instance
```
<1> This is the namespace you specified when you created the default AddOnDeploymentConfig connected to the gitop-addon ClusterManagementAddOn

. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance is removed by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 
----

. Install the {gitops-short} instance to another namespace by applying the following YAML sample: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <namespace> <1>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: GITOPS_NAMESPACE
    value: openshift-gitops-2
----
<1> Any namespace that you want. 

> 

Reviewer: <1> This is the namespace you specified when you created the default AddOnDeploymentConfig connected to the gitop-addon ClusterManagementAddOn

[#gitops-openshift-deploy-argocd]

> = Deploying the {gitops} instances on OpenShift and Non-OpenShift managed clusters for _ArgoCD_ pull model (Technology Preview)  

Reviewer 2: I know this title is already extremely long but technically we'd need to use our ocp-short conref at the very least here. Maybe play around with it and try a shorter title in general. The OCP part of it could probably be left out and introduced in the intro

> With the GitOps addon, you can manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of OpenShift and Non-OpenShift managed clusters for the `ArgoCD` pull model. 

Reviewer 2: Same here, use the conref for OCP cluster

> When you create the `gitops-addon ManagedClusterAddon` addon in the cluster namespace on your hub cluster, the GitOps addon deploys on the managed cluster that manages the installation, upgrade, and deletion of the {gitops-short} instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you create the `gitops-addon ManagedClusterAddon` add-on in the cluster namespace on your hub cluster, the GitOps add-on deploys on the managed cluster that manages the installation, upgrade, and deletion of the {gitops-short} instance.
```

> Use the `ArgoCD` pull model to deploy the {gitops-short} instance with the GitOps addon. Only the following three components are installed on the hub clusters: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `ArgoCD` pull model to deploy the {gitops-short} instance with the GitOps add-on. Only the following three components are installed on the hub clusters: 
```

* {gitops-short} application controller
* {gitops-short} repo server
* {gitops-short} Redis server

To deploy the {gitops-short} instances for the `ArgoCD` pull model, complete the following sections: 

* <<install-openshift-gitops-cluster, Installing an {gitops-short} instance on a managed cluster>>
* <<upgrade-openshift-gitops-instance, Upgrading an {gitops-short} instance and operator>>
* <<delete-openshift-gitops-instance, Deleting an {gitops-short} instance and operator>>
* <<reconcile-argocd-applications, Reconciling _ArgoCD_ applications in any namespace>>
* <<install-openshift-gitops-instance, Installing an {gitops-short} instance in another namespace>>

[#install-openshift-gitops-cluster]
== Installing an {gitops-short} instance on a managed cluster

> When you upgrade {acm-short} to its latest version, the {gitops-short} instance on all the managed clusters automatically upgrades, and it gets bundled with the GitOps addon. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you upgrade {acm-short} to its latest version, the {gitops-short} instance on all the managed clusters automatically upgrades, and is bundled with the GitOps addon. 
```

To install an {gitops-short} instance on a managed cluster, complete the following steps: 

> . On your hub cluster, in your selected cluster namespace, create a `managedClusterAddon` resource by running the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be "apply YAML sample"?

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagedClusterAddOn
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon
  namespace: <Cluster-Name>
 labels:

>    cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: ''

Reviewer: Sorry I just got the message from backup and restore team that the api group *.open-cluster-management.io resources are backed up by default by cluster-backup operator, hence no backup label is required.  ManagedClusterAddOn api is the case

Please remove the two lines from the managedClusterAddon yaml 
```
labels:
   cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: ''
```

spec:
  installNamespace: open-cluster-management-agent-addon
----

. Verify that the `gitops-addon controller` is running on the managed cluster by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----

> % oc get pods -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon |grep gitops-addon

Reviewer 2: I would separate the command and output here, or better just leave out the output since it looks pretty self-explanatory

gitops-addon-7dc9b895f9-cqknj                         1/1     Running   0          7h45m
----

> . Verify that the {gitops-short} operator is running in the `openshit-gitops-operator` namespace by running the following command: 

Reviewer: it is a typo :-) 
openshit-gitops-operator
=====>
openshift-gitops-operator

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc openshift-gitops-operator argocd-operator-controller-manager-6ddcf4db5c-qjpjt  1/1 Running

Author: I had to manually input this content since I couldn't copy and paste from the text box from the Gdoc. Dev reviewers, please help with formatting or just send me the content you want here :) 

Also, am I right we need the `oc` I can remove if we don't!

Reviewer: Sorry for the confusion. The line is the command output instead of the command line

Here is the full content including the CLI and its output
```
% oc get pods -n openshift-gitops-operator
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
argocd-operator-controller-manager-5676f757f-4jl8r   1/1     Running   9 (5d2h ago)   5d20h
```

Author: @xiangjingli please let me know what you think of the revised procedure steps. 

Based off Oliver's feedback, I removed a lot of the "your output should resemble the following" 

I also only kept the example in the last step of the "controller" in order not to have to document 3 separate steps. But I can add a new step for "redris" and "repo" if you want :)

Reviewer: in line 65, 
oc openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-application-controller-0  1/1 Running. (This is the cli output, not the valid command line)
====>
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops

----

> . Verify that {gitops-short} instance is running in the `openshit-gitops` namespace by running the following command:

Reviewer: same typo

openshit-gitops 

====>
openshift-gitops

+

> [source,bash]

Author: are these multiple commands, hence should be multiple steps?

Reviewer 2: These are multiple commands and would need a step each if we keep them all

----
oc openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-application-controller-0  1/1 Running
oc openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-redis-7f4bd766fc-4xg6h  1/1 Running
oc openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-repo-5898d9976d-b9rj6  1/1 Running
----

[#upgrade-openshift-gitops-instance]
== Upgrading an {gitops-short} instance and operator

> You must manually upgrade the {gitops-short} operator and its instance to a specific version other than the most recent version.

Reviewer 2: Was a little hard to understand, but I think this is saying you must manually upgrade, if you want a version that is not the most recent version?

If so, I would recommend leading with the conditional, so "If you want to upgrade to a version that is not the current version, ..."

> If you attach the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` to the `gitops-addon ClusterManagementAddon`, the specified image tags are always applied to the {gitops-short} operator and its instance. The latest version of the operator and its instance do not automatically update. To apply the latest version, remove the custom image settings, `GITOPS_OPERATOR_IMAGE, GITOPS_IMAGE, REDIS_IMAGE` in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`. 

Author: Throughout the doc, there was a lot of good content in a "Note" so I restructured it so the content is in the intro. Let me know what you think :)

To upgrade an {gitops-short} instance and operator, complete the following steps: 

> . Create an `AddOnDeploymentConfig` custom image by running the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 2: YAML samples are usually applied with `oc apply`, I would double check what the goal with this step is

Author: @oafischer I'm used to doing the `oc` for commands. I couldn't find an example in our docs of a YAML that includes an `oc apply` do you mean a separate step? 

Anyway, I did add the `apiversion` since I didn't include that initially!

>  +

Author: Oddly, the `+` shows for all the YAML samples where I have a `1, 2, 3` at the end. 

I fiddled with it, but couldn't fix it. I'll play around with formatting some more tomorrow!

[source,yaml]
----
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config

>   namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>

Reviewer 2: We can simplify this to just `<namespace>`, and maybe add a call-out as well

spec:
  customizedVariables:

>   - name: GITOPS_OPERATOR_IMAGE <1>

Reviewer 2: If this is a replaceable value, it should follow the `<string>` format

    value: registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/gitops-rhel8-operator@sha256:73f13a5587bbfbea5a64bd3507120eb83b6be85088139c6d65a9aa9cd56e186a
  - name: GITOPS_IMAGE <2>
    value: registry.redhat.io/openshift-gitops-1/argocd-rhel8@sha256:706d5c99715eece77616135da2fbf90863b7aef17fd64ab03bf7dd20877490ec
  - name: REDIS_IMAGE <3> 
    value: registry.redhat.io/rhel8/redis-6@sha256:a848cc4edb4405846c673187dd68ce66c328dd1ad42f193f5737288c7971399d
----
<1> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} operator. 
<2> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} instance. 
<3> Specify the new image and tag of the {gitops-short} Redis. 

> . Connect the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` to the `gitops-addon ClusterManagementAddon` by specifying the `defaultConfig` name and namespace of the `addondeploymentconfigs` resource by running the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 2: Do you mean apply the sample here?

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterManagementAddOn
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon
  annotations:
    addon.open-cluster-management.io/lifecycle: "gitops-addon"
spec:
  addOnMeta:
    description: gitops-addon
    displayName: gitops-addon
  supportedConfigs:
  - group: addon.open-cluster-management.io
    resource: addondeploymentconfigs
    defaultConfig:
      name: gitops-addon-config
      namespace: ocm
  - group: addon.open-cluster-management.io
    resource: addontemplates
    defaultConfig:
      name: gitops-addon
----

. On the managed clusters, verify that the {gitops-short} operator pods and instance pods are restarted with the following new image tags: 

+
[source,bash]
----
openshift-gitops-operator  argocd-operator-controller-manager-6ddcf4db5c-qjpjt  1/1 Running
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-application-controller-0   1/1 Running
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-redis-7f4bd766fc-4xg6h  1/1 Running
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-repo-server-5898d9976d-b9rj6  1/1 Running

> ----

Reviewer 2: With simple outputs like this, we don't need to show them in code samples because their running/not running status is self-explanatory

Reviewer: There are actually two outputs in different namespaces.
- the openshift gitops operator pod
- the openshift gitops instance pod

```
% oc get pods -n openshift-gitops-operator
openshift-gitops-operator  argocd-operator-controller-manager-6ddcf4db5c-qjpjt  1/1 Running

% oc get pods -n openshift-gitops-operator
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-application-controller-0   1/1 Running
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-redis-7f4bd766fc-4xg6h  1/1 Running
openshift-gitops  openshift-gitops-repo-server-5898d9976d-b9rj6  1/1 Running
----

Author: @xiangjingli I removed the outputs based off Oliver's feedback, but let me know if you want me to keep them in. :)

Reviewer: Yeah, removing the output is fine. But I feel we need to keep the step to indicate the user to verify the new image tag is applied after the upgrade.

```
. On the managed clusters, verify that the {gitops-short} operator pods and instance pods are restarted with the following new image tags: 
```

[#delete-openshift-gitops-instance]
== Deleting an {gitops-short} instance and operator

> All the dependent `ArgoCD` custom resource definitions (CRDs) remain even after the {gitops-short} operator gets removed, ensuring that all existing `ArgoCD` applications do not get removed with the operator deletion. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the dependent `ArgoCD` custom resource definitions (CRDs) remain even after the {gitops-short} operator is removed, ensuring that all existing `ArgoCD` applications are not removed with the operator deletion. 
```

You can reinstall the {gitops-short} operator into the same default namespace. Always install the {gitops-short} operator into the default namespace, `openshift-gitops-operator`. The {gitops-short} operator watches the `ArgoCD` resources in any namespace regardless of the operator installation namespace.  

To delete an {gitops-short} instance and operator, complete the following steps: 

> . Delete the {gitops-short} instance by running the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 2: Do you mean apply sample? Running is usually for commands

Reviewer: Just clarify that in order to delete the openshift-gitops instance on the managed cluster, users need to apply the following global AddOnDeploymentConfig on the hub cluster by specifying the delete-instance action

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>
spec:
  customizedVariables:

>   - name: ACTION <1>

Reviewer 2: Make sure all replaceable variables follow the same format as throughout the rest of the doc (`<string>`)

Reviewer 2: Also, if it's just one call-out, I would add that to the prompt prior to the example and not use the call-out

    value: Delete-Instance
----
<1> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} instance linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`.  

. Delete the {gitops-short} operator by running the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>
spec:
  customizedVariables:

>   - name: ACTION <1>

Reviewer 2: Same as above

    value: Delete-Operator
----
<1> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} operator linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`. 

[#reconcile-argocd-applications]
== Reconciling _ArgoCD_ applications in any namespace

You can configure the {gitops-short} instance to reconcile the `ArgoCD` application in any namespace. 

To reconcile `ArgoCD` applications in any namespace, complete the following step: 

> . In the linked default, `AddOnDeploymentConfig`, specify the customized variable, `RECONCILE_SCOPE` to `All-Namespaces` by running the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 2: Same as above, I assume you mean apply the sample

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: RECONCILE_SCOPE <1>

>     value: All-Namespaces <2> 

Reviewer 2: Same as above

----
<1> The GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can only reconcile applications in the namespace where the GitOps `ArgoCD` instance is running. 
<2> The GitOps `ArgoCD` instance can reconcile applications in all namespaces. 

> 

Reviewer: - name: RECONCILE_SCOPE <1>
  value: All-Namespaces <2> 

RECONCILE_SCOPE is the name of the reconcile scope setting. It won't change. And it has two available values

- Single-Namespace: This is the default value.  The gitops ArgoCD instance can only reconcile applications in the namespace where the gitops ArgoCD instance is running
- All-Namespaces: the gitops ArgoCD instance can reconcile applications in all namespaces

[#install-openshift-gitops-instance]
== Installing an {gitops-short} instance in another namespace

By default, the {gitops-short} instance is installed in the `openshift-gitops` namespace. If you want to install the {gitops-short} instance in another namespace, complete the following steps: 

. Delete the {gitops-short} instance by running the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>
spec:
  customizedVariables:

>   - name: ACTION <1> 

Reviewer 2: Same as above

    value: Delete-Instance
----
<1> Specify the `Action` to delete the {gitops-short} instance linked in the default `AddOnDeploymentConfig`.  

. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance is removed by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----

> % oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 
```

----

> . Install the {gitops-short} instance to another namespace by running the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 2: Same as above

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: AddOnDeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: gitops-addon-config
  namespace: <any namespace, e.g. ocm>
spec:
  customizedVariables:
  - name: GITOPS_NAMESPACE
    value: openshift-gitops-2
----

. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance is running on the new namespace by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----

> % oc get pods -n openshift-gitops-2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops-2
```
